The Securities and Exchange Commission charged Ash Narayan, Richard Harmon and John Kaptrosky with engaging in a multi-million dollar fraud that defrauded hundreds of thousands of dollars in investor funds. The SEC's complaint, filed in federal court in Dallas, Texas, alleges that the defendants concealed the fraud from their clients, including former MLB players, and lied to investors about the value of their investments. According to the SEC, the alleged fraud was carried out by the three of them, who were then employed by The Ticket Reserve, Inc. ("TTR"), a former Major League Baseball (MLB) player who retired in 2013. The complaint alleges, however, that they hid the misappropriated funds by creating fraudulent documents and making Ponzi-like payments in order to keep the scheme from collapsing. Narayan and Harmon agreed to settle the charges without admitting or denying the allegations in the complaint and consented to a permanent injunction, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus interest and penalties. In addition, they agreed not to make any further payments to any of the former clients.  The SEC also charged the four individuals with aiding and abetting the conduct. In a parallel action filed today in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas against the two defendants, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Secretary of State's Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Division of Financial Industry and Justice Department's Office of Economic Analysis and Analysis, as well as a civil injunctions, civil liability and civil penalties against them and their respective companies. On January 4, 2018, The Atlanta Regional Office (ARCA) announced the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining the companies from violating the antifraud provisions of Section 10(b) of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and Rule 10b-5 thereunder and ordering them to pay a $1,000 civil penalty and disgorge their funds with prejudgment interest, plus civil and criminal penalties, in addition to interest-defendant and relief attorney fees.